<p align="center">
    <b>HASHGRAPH</b><br />
    <b>OPEN REVIEW LICENSE</b>
</p>

BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OR USING THE HASHGRAPH SOFTWARE PRODUCTS
ACCOMPANYING THIS AGREEMENT ("LICENSED SOFTWARE"), THE INDIVIDUAL OR
ENTITY LICENSING THE PRODUCT(S) ("LICENSEE") IS AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY
AND BECOMES A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT"). IF LICENSEE DOES
NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, LICENSEE MUST NOT
DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, REVIEW, EVALUATE, OR USE THE LICENSED SOFTWARE. THE
"LICENSOR" IS HEDERA HASHGRAPH, LLC.

**1. License Grant.** Subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, Licensor grants to Licensee a worldwide,
non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, and
royalty-free license, during the term of this Agreement, to make
non-production use of the Licensed Software (in both source code and
executable code form) solely to internally execute, run, compile,
evaluate and review.

**2. License Restrictions.** Licensee agrees not to, and
agrees that Licensee will not permit or encourage any third party to
modify, alter, improve or otherwise create or distribute any derivative
works from the Licensed Software, provided, however, that a Licensee may
make derivatives of the Licensed Software solely for internal
non-production use on internal, non-production node instances (a
\"Testnet\") solely to review the Licensed Software and/or provide
Feedback to Licensor under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt,
no Licensee under this Agreement may use or make derivatives of the
Licensed Software other than on a Testnet or for any purpose other than
reviewing and providing Feedback or improvements to it. Licensee will
not remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including
copyright notices) of Licensor or its suppliers on the Licensed Software
or any related documentation.

**3. Disclaimers.** THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS" WITH ALL FAULTS, AND THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY,
ACCURACY, AND EFFORT IS WITH THE LICENSEE. LICENSOR MAKES NO
REPRESENTATIONS AND DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT.

**4. Limitation of Liability.** IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES,
INCLUDING ANY LOST DATA AND LOST PROFITS, ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO
THIS AGREEMENT OR THE LICENSEE'S USE, EVALUATION, INSTALLATION,
MODIFICATION OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, EVEN IF LICENSOR
HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. LICENSOR'S TOTAL
CUMULATIVE LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED THE
FIFTY DOLLARS USD (\$50).

**5. Termination**

**5.1 Termination.** This Agreement will remain in full force and effect
as long as Licensee uses, reviews, evaluates, runs, distributes,
accesses, downloads, copies, or retains any copy of the Licensed
Software. This Agreement and the license granted under it shall
terminate automatically and immediately, without notice by Licensor, if
Licensee breaches this Agreement.

**5.2 Effects of Termination.** Upon termination or expiration of this
Agreement for any reason, all licensed rights granted in this Agreement
will immediately cease to exist, and Licensee must promptly discontinue
all use of the Licensed Software, erase all copies of the Licensed
Software from Licensee's computers, and return to Licensor or destroy
all copies of the Licensed Software and any related documentation on
tangible media in Licensee's possession or control. Even after
termination due to breach or after Licensee ceases its use, review,
evaluation, execution, distribution, access, or possession or control of
the Licensed Software, Sections 2, 3, 4, 5.2, and 6 will survive
termination of this Agreement and remain in full force and effect.

**6. General**

**6.1 Proprietary Rights.** The Licensed
Software, and all worldwide intellectual property rights therein, are
the exclusive property of Licensor and its suppliers. The Licensed
Software is protected by various intellectual property laws throughout
the world, including but not limited to copyright and patent laws, and
is covered and protected by the patents listed at
https://www.swirlds.com/ip/. All rights in and to the Licensed Software
not expressly granted to Licensee in this Agreement are reserved by
Licensor and its suppliers.

**6.2 Feedback.** Licensee hereby grants to Licensor a fully paid,
royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive and fully
sublicensable right and license to use and otherwise exploit in any
manner, any and all ideas, suggestions, proposals, concepts, or other
feedback concerning the Licensed Software provided by Licensee, for any
lawful purpose.

**6.3 For U.S. Government End Users.** The Licensed Software is a
"commercial item," as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. 2.101
(OCT 1995), and more specifically is "commercial computer software" and
"commercial computer software documentation," as such terms are used in
48 C.F.R. 12.212 (SEPT 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and
48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (JUNE 1995), as applicable, the
Licensed Software is provided to U.S. Government End Users (a) only as a
commercial end item and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all
other customers pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.

**6.4 Export Control.** The Licensed Software and related technology are
subject to U.S. export control laws and may be subject to export or
import regulations in other countries. Licensee agrees to strictly
comply with all such laws and regulations and acknowledges that it has
the responsibility to obtain authorization to export, re-export, or
import the Licensed Software and related technology, as may be required.
Licensee represents and warrants that Licensee is not (i) located,
organized, or resident in Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, or Syria; or
(ii) identified on, or owned or controlled or acting on behalf of anyone
identified on, any U.S. Government list of sanctioned or restricted
parties, including but not limited to the Specially Designated Nationals
and Blocked Persons List maintained by the U.S. Department of the
Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control. Licensee will indemnify and
hold Licensor harmless from any and all claims, losses, liabilities,
damages, fines, penalties, costs and expenses (including attorney's
fees) arising from or relating to any breach by Licensee of its
obligations under this Section.

**6.5 Miscellaneous.** Neither the rights nor the obligations arising
under this Agreement are assignable by Licensee, and any such attempted
assignment or transfer shall be void and without effect. The United
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods
shall not apply to this Agreement. Licensor may amend or limit the terms
of this Agreement in its sole discretion for any reason or for no
reason. Any notice to Licensee may be provided by email or may be posted
in publicly accessible areas of Licensor's website at www.swirlds.com.
This Agreement and all disputes or controversies arising out of or
relating to it shall be construed, governed, and enforced in accordance
with the laws of the United States and of the State of Texas without
regard to conflict of laws principles. Licensor and Licensee irrevocably
submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal or state courts
located in Collin County, Texas in any action, suit or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, irrevocably agree that
venue lie exclusively in such courts, and hereby waive any objection
based on lack of personal jurisdiction or inconvenient forum.
